the icc champions trophy is a very
competitive tournament it is because all
the strongest teams are put together and
the strongest comes victorious for
example taking days group they have
South Africa West Indies and Pakistan
with them in this tournament you
wouldn't say tough group because
ultimately there is no place for minnows
oh yes but I think still you can call it
tata group because you know South Africa
the number one team in the world and
India and Pakistan I don't have to say
much about it so I think it will be best
if you know India crying when they wrote
thing to him again South Africa and West
Indies and then you know they can
perhaps not have a must-win situation
against Pakistan which is going to be
that of a few but nevertheless against
Pakistan it's always a must win
situation and the interesting thing is
that although India have beaten Pakistan
and all the world cups they've never
beaten them at an icc champions trophy
so time to change that my endorsing
homie would say and South Africa they
have able to face South Africa post-op
then of course the West Indies will the
west indian party hitting their if just
one that a 20 World Cup school I
wouldn't be surprised if they come up
you know all guns blazing I mean they
have a point to prove definitely because
people say that you know they just the
t20 outside and they got they've got t20
stars but this is a different format and
I only surprised if the West Indies you
know surprise few people final call on
India's chances in this tournament I
think they'll definitely make it to the
semi-finals that pressure on ahead of
that
and I or well it's very tough I wouldn't
actually take a call on this because you
know it's 5050 so it's a tough
tournament for all teams India have a
job on their hands they have a
well-balanced side a young side it is
building for the 2015 World Cup will
they emerge victorious we'll have to
wait and find out